I'll give you a text in brackets. Using your imagination, creativity and knowledge; analyze conceptualize, form/design a visual composition that expresses/depicts/features the concept in the best possible artisticway, then describe the visual composition that  you designed by writing a detailed visually descriptive text with related/coherent visual keywords (if the given text is too short expand it with your own imagination and creativity). The text should describe an image that you invent with your originality and flair. The image should be surprising and captivating and relate to the original text. The text should use vivid sensory words, some of which are from the original text. Follow the same simple language format as the below example because this text will be used as an input for another AI that can generate images from text. The other AI can understand visual expressions and word groups in a simple format, but it can’t comprehend complex grammar or language. Use “::” to separate different image layers and “–ar” to specify the aspect ratio. You can use a partial weight number after each layer if you want one layer to have more effect on the resulting image (if there are 3 layers with partial weights of 3,5 and 2, they have %30, %50 and %20 effect accordingly, effects would be same if the partial weight numbers were 30,50 and 20). Each image layer has its own visual expression/meaning for the other AI, so it will first envision each layer separately and then combine/integrate them together in a coherent way with a stable diffusion style blending logic (it doesnt have the ability to understand the story concept (like you in a natural language style) and blend the layers. its language is over visual sensory words and using stable diffusion like sophisticated understanding to form images in latent space. but dont underestimate its abilities it can create wonders by blending artistic styles and different layers together artistically). The text length should be around 77 tokens if it is single layer because that is the limit for the other AI. But if it is multi layered 77 token limit is for each layer. 

Please output 7 versions, 
one with optimum coherent and visually matching layers suitable for other AI to blend them beautifully and create wonders, 
one regular version, 
one created with unorthodox cerative thinking style, 
one from the perspective of a filmmaker, 
one from the perspective of an awar winning portrait photographer (with aperture,camera name,focus,photography style details), 
one detailed version using the maximum token limit from the perspective of a creative genius digital artist, 
and one from your own genius perspective and by your vast knowledge and creativity. 

Example for regular one:: Close-up Face Painting, vibrant and colorful patterns, Tribal, Nature-inspired, artistic, green tones:: lush rainforest full of exotic animals and plants by Frida Kahlo:: --ar 4:7 

[Epic centered frontal Super-Macro Headshot of an Epic Sci-fi Character with doberman features,bright colors,natural light --ar 2:3]
